What about you? Where have you been all this time?
Now will you please tell me what this is all about?
They do it because they love you and they want to.
But if you could know these people as I know them.
Too much because of you, because I was away from you.
If they find you here, then they find you, is all.
Put him out, and never let him come in here again!
You know what they say, there is nothing like home.
Please, would you stop by and have a talk with her?
Not much of one, maybe, but something to go on with.
What you got that you like so much better than this?
You mean that all those people are here because of him?
You are a nothing and you have always been a nothing!
I never thought I could say it but you were right.
And I really thought you had something going with him.
You know what I think, even before I thought of it.
When we get back home everything will be as always.
And you know everything there is to know about people.
I told you to do something right for the first time.
What were you up to last night? Last night? Nothing.
Now look, Father is to have nothing to do with it.
Did you ever see anything like that before in your life?
Who said I was going to leave the place or anything?
Who said I was going to leave the place or anything?
I know much better what the right place for me is.
You get out of this place and never come back here.
Did she ever find out just how you feel about her?
Did they really say, that you could stay with them?
What are you going to do, stay out there all night?
Believe me when I say, nothing would please me any more.
Three years away, there is too much to look after.
And because anything you say to me, I want to hear.
You think a little girl like me could understand them?
How could they make her understand? How would she know?
A girl like you could have everything in the world.
People come from all over the world just to see you.
People come from all over the world just to see you.
Then how will we ever get enough money for a place?
Well, you look old enough to know better, Come in,
If they had had money, they would have been fine people.
Because I thought about you, every day and every night,
What made you believe it was him every other time?
Is there nothing you can remember? I remember nothing.	
